as we get into this game where you get
that surge of money and then everything
needs to slow down anyways yeah we've
seen a lot of poke in the North American
LCS league of legends has been trending
towards that actually for quite a while
the top lane we're gonna see a little
bit of pressure on to quad or onto
enoch's rather that's voyboy the nit
aleek not an ox boy boilies being
everywhere Oh both are actually going
for a kill Oh sticky situation for him
he gets himself behind the turret they
are to blaze trying to peel them off but
he can only do auto attack damage after
that maybe picking himself up a kill but
he could put himself of the death was I
oh he does put himself and that's funny
right one more shot the auto-attack no
more caster minions throwing him out
there's a dark finding out o the auto
attack he miscalculated the damage from
the Marga no auto he did not think that
would cause him to have to bury her
Elise he still has been controlling all
the lanes right now here comes the
ultimate from pantheon let's see who the
black shield decides to protect me here
still be in the background screaming out
med and it's going to be cop that goes
down first very nice teleports into the
fight as well EG is just dropping from
the sky everywhere they come out very
big with two kills on this real bit
kills for EG right there the panthan
ultimate came down just right they
caught in multiple started walked all
the spears or dodged all the spears got
the war control and it means they can
just secure this down the teletrac shin
comes in if they can get an initiation
this could be great for EG an ox looks
to go over to point why the shield goes
on he can't lock anybody down with room
prison they're forced to go for quast
that means it's free roam coming out
here and i'm still trying to machine gun
out the dps creme pose on the backside
EG has taken a lot of damage here and
now able to reassess the fight but curse
was already on the back side doing that
from the beginning boy boy now to move
in he has javelin health bars in his
and it looks like in ox is going to put
down the road he throws it out that in
doc's goes for the side staff EG
committed heavily and that fight for
bunny poop on it take down these turrets
they're gonna be on the second tier this
will be even one of the last grant
Skyfall missing out quite good on that
one pole Beltre tries to get the glitter
Lance down there busting through the
black shield with the ad not gonna help
you much there pole belts are picking up
a kill yeah nice pantheon off by Snoopy
there his path you know they become you
know jack of all trades but master of
none which means them vulnerable to
teams like EG group still a nice finding
those chump change you can see that all
little hesitant to go straight into the
fight buddy fufu still trying to retreat
out snooping comes into the grand
Skyfall right on a dominate but it's not
enough damage to take him down it gets
my heel coming out of boy boy in ox now
with the rest of the team as they put
out some good damage it's gonna be very
nice plays there two down on curses side
only for the one or krepo see actually
cops bill going for the static so
if the Pope comp does need to stay mid
they can get us wherever they want he's
a little far head this time I make a sky
ball is going to land all the half as
quas subjugate goes down but wild growth
on to him will pop him up he denies
vision gets on the other side of the
wall what is eegees next focus curse
with some pretty good disengage this
time but is it going to be enough
daybreak hits boy boys he goes to the
leaf it's going to be the lock down once
again and the EG follow up is good
enough the chase is sufficient for EG
right there curse could not disengage
enough because the lulu and all the rest
of them are relentless tons of move
speed coming out for EG another
successful initiation curse again trying
to force they do kill it rather quickly
but if they do get engaged on it would
be a disaster mathcounts coming in the
retreat path of curses what great
placements they're all walking into its
new be actually takes a few more steps
to get on the safety side of his team
but they take him down wass is the first
to get hit up on this one they do have
some good escape here the but they're
going to be chasing out boy boy krepo
hook so fast right and tries to cut off
any
escape path the heel comes out he may
save himself but they get the glitter
Lance on again dominate now it's a black
shield they're just gonna walk side by
side on the beach for this one he gets
himself over the golems now flashes over
the wall to safety but curse is running
scared has to happen cuz how hard is it
gonna be for them to push into an
inhibitor turret with the Pope comp not
extremely hard actually but now they're
trying to catch curse checking as they
see a war and some people yellow pea
throws himself right into the fire he
knows he's on good side what a side
strain buzzing around wall it's going to
be another one going down cop is dead
they now I've eyes focused on boy boy he
cannot leave the safety lock down and
take it down three kills pull Belcher's
gopher dominate he gets cocoon but it's
not gonna be enough he doesn't even need
to shield himself as he whimsies back to
life and back to Baron quass gonna do
what he can but they're only really
gonna get some CS out of this in the
layout pushed for the final hit just a
disastrous attempt of checking Baron
vision right there for curse EG with
their initiation of great flank amongst
all this watch qua splashing steel with
a cute isn't even gonna try for it the
one true damage of pillar do it this
could be a lot oh they want him right
off bat he cannot get close enough
actually uses flash and everything to
get out teleports down as he was getting
back into the game with that one so
we'll see Baron now going over to EG
they definitely played it right they
waited their time they got the vision is
so red hot the show right here out of
curse 32 minutes into the game